You dare to do it carefully, you!
Stop making trouble, I'll get you up and blow on the burning bark,
More.
Zihan, tomorrow you and I will make fine decisions from scratch.
But who can do that after forty thousand?
Okay, then I’ll get ready, charge Ling on WeChat,
You must be careful.
You have no one to live in and can't take care of yourself, but you can't tolerate other people's feelings.
So I bring you up to fill your spirit,
It would be difficult to recharge without you, which would involve me too.
You can't lose it! That's the fact.
Forget it, he just wants the child's temper, he has no bad intentions,
Children's temper tantrums need to be timed out.
If you teach otherwise, everyone will die.